README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on ZEIT Now

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [ZEIT Now Platform](https://zeit.co/import?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Prepare for deploy to netlify: upgradge next to 10.0.6, update README file

README.md, after:

# Magnews24h

Welcome to Magnews24h, a news portal covering a wide range of topics including current events, business, entertainment, sports, law, education, health, lifestyle, travel, science, automotive, opinions, and humor.

## Getting Started

To run this project, ensure you have Node.js version 16 installed. You can manage Node.js versions using nvm.

```bash
nvm install 16
nvm use 16
```

After setting up Node.js v16, you can start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the Magnews24h portal.

You can start editing the pages by modifying the files in the `pages` directory. The page auto-updates as you edit the files.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

**MAGNEWS 24H**, a demo product for an automated data collection system built with Next.js.

**Keep in touch with us by signing up for our newsletter!**

Copyright © All rights reserved | This template is made with by Colorlib
